README yay!

this is the readme so i guess i'm supposed to talk about stuff.  well uh, i like candlelit dinners and long walks on the beach, open toe sandals, jack johnson, and noodling on my guitar.  i really hate jalapeños, pickles, and the sound that velcro makes when you unstrap it.  it really is like the worst thing ever.  like worse than the sound that cockroaches make when you squish them.  ugh dude, the worst.  you can almost feel every single plastic hook ripping through each little plastic fiber as you separate them from their mates.  that is the actual term you know, "mates."  that's right, when you unstrap velcro you are separating lovers, possibly to never find the same mate again.  it's like you can almost hear them shouting and screaming, "please no, this is my soulmate, the one i've been looking for all my life, you can't take them away from me!  please no, how can you be so cruel?!!"  and besides, you do know that there are countless solutions to binding two things together without the use of velcro right?  you know that it's nothing a few drops of glue, or shoestrings, or duct tape can't handle.  i mean, duct tape fixes everything, and on quite the contrary of the sound of velcro ripping, who doesn't love the sound and feel of ripping off a fresh piece of duct tape?  it sounds good, it smells good, it feels good, and it works on EVERYTHING.  plus you feel like a total man after ripping off a real long piece.  so damn good man.  the dude that invented velcro should be thrown in jail and the guy that invented duct tape should be awarded a nobel peace prize (if he hasn't been already of course, which i wouldn't doubt it if he has).  anyways um, take a look around, don't smell too closely, and have fun!
